hi guys it's off here in this video I'm
going to show you guys how to make my
Asian fried chicken it's just like any
other fried chicken recipe except it
uses more Asian ingredients and like
with most American fried chicken they
usually soak the chicken and buttermilk
or maybe in a saltwater brine and that's
just the real main difference with Asian
fried chicken versus your American fried
chicken this is a collaboration video
with Rosie over at I heart recipes she
has a really great collection of
southern food so food yummy food you
guys are gonna love it there
and in her video she's going to show you
guys how to make her southern red beans
and rice just a great side dish to have
with my Asian fried chicken
I know y'all Cambodians you're like
where's the papaya salad ad where's the
sticky rice at but you know what you
gotta switch it up a little bit and if
you like a little more exciting you know
break up the same old monotony of what
your daily eating routine is okay that's
all I'm sayin
give it a try I'll post the link to her
recipe along with her youtube channel at
the end of the video and also down in
the description box below right let's
start frying up some chicken here is my
2 pounds of chicken that I've cleaned
and patted dry so I've cut them up just
like this I got my little drumstick
piece here drumettes get the little wing
part here now I'm going to go ahead and
add in my soy sauce 2 teaspoons I need
about 3 tablespoons of oyster sauce so
there's 1 3 a little bit of black pepper
I'm also going to add in some sugar so
I'll pop a teaspoon of sugar just mix to
combine I'm going to mix this all
together and I'm going to let this sit
at room temperature 1/2 an hour while
the chicken is marinating we're going to
go ahead and work on our flour mixture
so I have four three tablespoons of
all-purpose flour you need three
tablespoons of potato starch and three
tablespoons of rice flour two pinches of
salt two teaspoons of garlic powder two
teaspoons of onion powder 1 tablespoon
of Cajun seasoning quarter teaspoon of
white pepper
finally a quarter teaspoon of black
pepper so I have everything that I need
to do here but I did forget to show you
guys two things forgot to add half a
teaspoon of Italian so you've learned
that Italian seasoning which consists of
like your rosemary sage thyme all that
jazz tastes really great with the fried
chicken also it would add a little bit
of chili powder 1/4 teaspoon of fat it's
not going to make it too overly spicy
but it's definitely sound like a little
bit of a nice kick kind of like a
background spicy note so I have here my
chicken all with my hands here your
hands are your best tools so the trick
here to not get too overly crazy messy
is to have one hand in your dry
ingredients in one hand in your chicken
because if you mix it too it's just to
get clumpy and messy that it's kind of
too messy for me so I'm just going to
take my left hand throw it in my mixture
and I'm just going to do a couple at a
time so tan is always going to stay out
of the flour mixture tap off the excess
turn this one over
top off the excess
so here's what your chickens going to
look like so I'm just going to go check
on my oil then we can fry these baby
that so I'm going to check if the oil is
hot the good ol Asian way I'm going to
dip the end of my chopstick middle here
and if you see little bubbles form
around it that means my oil is quite
enough to fry my chicken if you don't do
it this way obviously you can use a
thermometer I would say about 350 it's
good for this
done with the back
come on that looks amazing
now it's time to taste smells so good
look so good
take a bite damnit sorry guys my
neighbor is cutting and mowing their
lawn right now something it's kind of
loud my bad hmm wow that is good this is
seriously delicious move it a little bit
every day saltiness slightly sweet a
little bit spice not be spicy really and
I can almost I think that's a weedwacker
and that Cajun seasoning adds a nice
little bit of color too because of the
paprika in it Wow oh now dipped in some
sweet chilli sauce
this beats going out to eat hording
fried chicken any day hmm don't forget
to check out my friend Rosie over I
heart recipes hope you guys enjoyed the
video thanks for watching bye